Jp-3169 store aperture location in FITS header (#8278)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

  pixels in the 2nd-order spectrum are flagged and would cause the step
  to fail. [#8265]

> 

Reviewer: remove this extraneous blank line

- Fixed ifu auto-centroiding to only use wavelengths shortward of 26 microns
  to avoid failures for moderate-brightness sources due to extremely low
  throughput at the long wavelength end of MRS band 4C. [#8199]

- Replaced instances of deprecated interp2d with 
  RectBivariateSpline in ``apply_apcorr``. [#8291]

> - Added saving the extraction location to the FITS header. [#8278]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added saving the extraction aperture x/y limits for slit-like modes to keywords in the output header. [#8278]
```
